---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: ""
header: no
permalink: "/editions/2020/"
---
Unfortunately, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this year’s CHI will not be held. In order to honor the tradition of the German HCI event, we curated this website to provide details of this year’s publications from the involved labs.

<h2 class="head-text">  Publications</h2>
We contribute 113 publications in total this year. At the heart, there are 66 Papers, including 10
Honorable Mentions. Check out the full list on the publications page.

<h2 class="head-text"> Contributing Labs </h2>
This years edition is a joint effort by 34 labs from over 20 different German Universities. We have listed all contributing labs with a short profile on our labs page.

<h2 class="head-text"> Booklet </h2>
Similar to recent years, we curated a booklet with all our publications and labs; it is available for download as a PDF version.

<h2 class="head-text">  Video Collections </h2>
We have curated YouTube collections for our [30-second preview videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_r43X60chBc1UdiMQFAtMYCoM4CFkeLD), [full-length videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_r43X60chBeorafUcJrzK_lHGV9Tu5DB), and recorded paper talks (coming soon).

<h2 class="head-text">  Organizing Team </h2>
The organization of all the activities around the 2020 German HCI event was again a notable team effort from volunteers from all our labs. Here, we want to thank all involved persons!

<h2 class="head-text">  Lead Organization </h2>

- Tom Horak (Technische Universität Dresden) – Lead
- Christina Schneegass (LMU Munich) – Communication
- Donald Degraen (Saarland University) – Treasury

<h2 class="head-text">  Print & Digital Media</h2>

- Anke Reinschlüssel (University of Bremen) – Booklet & Twitter
- Johannes Zagermann (University of Konstanz) – Website
- Sarah Prange (Bundeswehr University Munich) – Website
- Heiko Müller (OFFIS – Institute for IT, Oldenburg) – Hosting

<h2 class="head-text">  Lab Representatives</h2>

- Konstantin Aal (University of Siegen)
- Katrin Angerbauer (University of Stuttgart)
- Tobias Drey (Ulm University)
- Jann Philipp Freiwald (Universität Hamburg)
- Sebastian Günther (Technische Universität Darmstadt)
- Nico Herbig (Saarland University)
- Oliver Beren Kaul (Leibniz University Hannover)
- Chandan Kumar (University of Stuttgart)
- Jonathan Liebers (University of Duisburg-Essen)
- Guiseppe Melfi (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology)
- Raphael Menges (University of Koblenz)
- Leonal Merino (University of Stuttgart)
- Fariba Mostajeran (University of Hamburg)
- Niklas Osmers (Clausthal University of Technology)
- Johannes Pfau (University of Bremen)
- Rufat Rzayev (University of Regensburg)
- Maximilian Schrapel (University of Regensburg)
- Krishna Subramanian (RWTH Aachen University)
- Philipp Wintersberger (Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt)