---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "2024 – German HCI @ CHI in Honolulu, Hawaiʻi, USA"
header: no
permalink: "/editions/2024"
image: CHI2024.png
---
This year’s CHI conference will take place in Honolulu, Hawaiʻi, USA (May 11 – May 16, 2024). To honor the tradition of the German HCI event, we curated this website, including details on this year’s publications from involved labs of the German HCI community.

<h2 class="head-text"> Publications </h2>
<!-- TODO: Add link to publication's page in a bettwe way maybe a button -->
We curated a list of this year’s publications — including links to social media, lab websites, and supplemental material. We curated a list of this year’s publications — including links to social media, lab websites, and supplemental material. We have <b>58 full papers</b>, <b>13 LBWs</b>, <b>one DC paper</b>, and <b>one Student Game Competition</b>, and we lead <b>five workshops</b>. <b>Two papers</b> were awarded a <b>best paper award</b>, and <b>four papers</b> received an <b>honourable mention</b>.

<h2 class="head-text">Participating Labs</h2>
This year’s edition is a joint effort by nearly 30 labs from over 20 German Universities.

<h2 class="head-text">German HCI Event</h2>
Save the date! 🗓️ The German HCI event will happen on <b>Wednesday, 15th May 2024</b>, starting at <b>7 pm</b>. Everyone with a CHI badge is welcome!


<i>If you have a paper-based invitation, entry is guaranteed between 7 pm and 8 pm with this invitation. Thereafter, admission is subject to venue capacity.</i>


<!-- TODO: make the rediect to next page -->
Location: <a href="https://maps.app.goo.gl/CcUCaWqhgXUWqTrR6">Hawaiian Brian’s Social Club<a>

<h2 class="head-text">Organizing Team</h2>
The organization of all the activities around the 2024 German HCI event was again a notable team effort from volunteers from all our labs. Here, we want to thank all the people involved!

<h2 class="head-text"> Lead Organisation</h2>

- Sukran Karaosmanoglu (University of Hamburg) – Lead
- Julian Rasch (LMU Munich) – Lead

<h2 class="head-text"> Lead Advisors</h2>

- Anke Reinschlüssel (University of Konstanz) – Advisor / German HCI Editorial Board Liaison
- Johannes Zagermann (University of Konstanz) – Advisor / German HCI Editorial Board Liaison

<h2 class="head-text"> Website and Videos</h2>

- Anke Brocker (RWTH Aachen University)
- Heiko Müller (OFFIS – Institute for Information Technology, Oldenburg)
- Tobias Wagner (Ulm University)
- René Schäfer (RWTH Aachen University)

<h2 class="head-text"> Social Media</h2>

- Francesco Chiossi (LMU Munich)
- Hai Dang (University of Bayreuth)
- Max Pascher (University of Duisburg-Essen)
- Teodora Mitrevska (LMU Munich)

<h2 class="head-text"> Design</h2>

- Clara Sayffaerth (LMU Munich)
- Teodora Mitrevska (LMU Munich)

<h2 class="head-text"> On-site Support</h2>

- Konstantin Aal (University Siegen)
- Donald Degraen (University Duisburg-Essen)
- Sophie Grimme (OFFIS)
- Saja Aljuneidi (OFFIS)
- Luke Haliburton (LMU Munich)
- Oliver Hein (University of the Bundeswehr Munich)
- Christopher Katins (HU Berlin)
